.TH SLINP 1 "August 2012" "slinp" "PDF presentation tool chest"
.SH NAME
slinp \- PDF presentation tool chest
.SH SYNOPSIS
Overview of slinp.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBslinp\fP is a tool chest for presenting PDF slides. As such, it
comprises several separate tools. This man page gives you an overview of
what those tools do. Refer to the man pages of the individual tools for
detailed information.
.P
If you want a quick start, head over to the man page of
\fBprescontrol\fP(1).
.P
\fBslinp\fP is supposed to follow the Unix philosophy and to remain as
simple as possible (from a technical point of view). Each component
should be an almost trivial program that is very easy to maintain. The
tools are meant to work together \(em they are not standalone programs.
.P
Only Arch Linux is officially supported as a platform right now.
\fBslinp\fP may or may not work on other operating systems.
.P
\fBslinp\fP is the \(lqlittle brother\(rq of and successor to
\fBpdfpres\fP. In the tradition of recursive acronyms: \fBsl\fPinp
\fBi\fPs \fBn\fPot \fBp\fPdfpres. Or, if you like: \fBsli\fPck and
\fBn\fPeat \fBp\fPresentations. Pronounce it \(lqslin-p\(rq or
\(lqslinpy\(rq.
.SH TOOLS
The following tools are part of \fBslinp\fP:
.TP
\fBshowpdf\fP(1)
Displays one slide at a time of one PDF file. Reads plain text commands
from \fBstdin\fP that allow you to navigate in that file.
.TP
\fBslidenotes\fP(1)
Retrieves notes for a specific slide.
.TP
\fBstopclock\fP(1)
Stopwatch and clock, combined in a simple application. Reads plain text
commands from \fBstdin\fP to control the stopwatch (start, pause,
reset).
.TP
\fBprescontrol\fP(1)
Glues all the tools together. This is what the author uses to actually
do the presentation. It's stripped down to the features that he needs.
.SH BUGS
Currently, no bugs are known. If you find one, we invite you to report
it at the GitHub Issue tracker (http://github.com/vain/slinp/issues).
.SH LICENSE
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest is released as \(lqPIZZA-WARE\(rq. See the
accompanying \fILICENSE\fP file.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest and this man page were written by Peter
Hofmann.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR prescontrol (1),
.BR showpdf (1),
.BR slidenotes (1),
.BR stopclock (1).
