.TH SLIDENOTES 1 "August 2012" "slinp" "PDF presentation tool chest"
.SH NAME
slidenotes \- Retrieve notes for a specific slide
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBslidenotes\fP \fIPDFFILE\fP \fIPAGENUMBER\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBslidenotes\fP is given the path to a PDF file and a slide number. It
then must print the notes for this slide on \fBstdout\fP.
.P
\fBslidenotes\fP does not read anything directly from \fIPDFFILE\fP but
looks for a file called \fIPDFFILE.notes\fP. That file is supposed to
contain your notes. It must follow the simple file format described
below.
.P
If \fIPDFFILE.notes\fP does not exist or if there are no notes for the
given page number, then \fBslidenotes\fP prints nothing. Thus, it's safe
to call \fBslidenotes\fP for any filename and any page number.
.P
\fBslidenotes\fP is part of \fBslinp\fP(1).
.SH "FILE FORMAT"
Here's an example of how your notes must look like:
.P
\f(CW
.nf
{{{ 1
Notes for slide number 1.
}}}

{{{ 10
Things to mention on slide number 10.

Whatever.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi vitae
tellus id purus consectetur sollicitudin. Suspendisse potenti.
Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada
fames ac turpis egestas. Maecenas mollis venenatis arcu eu elementum.
Aenean eu leo nec massa feugiat lacinia. Fusce elementum euismod odio,
quis bibendum ligula porttitor vitae.
}}}
.fi
\fP
.P
A section starts with \fB{{{\fP, followed by one space character and the
page number. A section is ended by a single \fB}}}\fP (no whitespace
allowed). \fBslidenotes\fP prints anything between those two markers as
is. In particular, line breaks are retained.
.P
Note that this format is designed to make use of Vim folding.
.SH BUGS
Currently, no bugs are known. If you find one, we invite you to report
it at the GitHub Issue tracker (http://github.com/vain/slinp/issues).
.SH LICENSE
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest is released as \(lqPIZZA-WARE\(rq. See the
accompanying \fILICENSE\fP file.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest and this man page were written by Peter
Hofmann.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR slinp (1).
