.TH STOPCLOCK 1 "August 2012" "slinp" "PDF presentation tool chest"
.SH NAME
stopclock \- Stopwatch and clock
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBstopclock\fP [\fIGTK-OPTIONS\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBstopclock\fP opens a window and shows a clock and a stopwatch. The
stopwatch can be controlled by sending commands on \fBstdin\fP.
.P
\fBstopclock\fP is part of \fBslinp\fP(1).
.SH OPTIONS
\fBstopclock\fP itself doesn't know any command line arguments. It does,
however, call \fBgtk_init()\fP, so all common Gtk options are supported
as well. In particular, \fBgtk_init()\fP knows \fB\-\-class\fP and
\fB\-\-name\fP:
.TP
\fB\-\-class\fP \fIname\fP
Client class as used by the window manager.
.TP
\fB\-\-name\fP \fIname\fP
Client instance name as used by the window manager.
.P
This gives you a great deal of control over \fBstopclock\fP and allows
you to use your window manager to organize \fBstopclock\fP windows.
.SH "COMMANDS ON STDIN"
\fBstopclock\fP has no widgets for user interaction. The only way to
control it is to write commands on \fBstdin\fP, one command per line
(that is, don't forget to write a terminating newline).
.TP
\fBstart\fP
Starts the timer or resumes a paused timer.
.TP
\fBpause\fP
Pauses a running timer.
.TP
\fBreset\fP
Stops a running or paused timer and resets it to zero.
.SH BUGS
Currently, no bugs are known. If you find one, we invite you to report
it at the GitHub Issue tracker (http://github.com/vain/slinp/issues).
.SH LICENSE
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest is released as \(lqPIZZA-WARE\(rq. See the
accompanying \fILICENSE\fP file.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest and this man page were written by Peter
Hofmann.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR slinp (1).
