.TH SHOWPDF 1 "August 2012" "slinp" "PDF presentation tool chest"
.SH NAME
showpdf \- display a PDF file
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBshowpdf\fP [\fIGTK-OPTIONS\fP] \fIPDFFILE\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBshowpdf\fP opens a single window and shows one page of a PDF file. It
also reads plain text commands from \fBstdin\fP that allow you to
navigate in that file.
.P
\fBshowpdf\fP is part of \fBslinp\fP(1).
.SH OPTIONS
\fBshowpdf\fP itself only expects \fIPDFFILE\fP as a command line
argument. It does, however, call \fBgtk_init()\fP, so all common Gtk
options are supported as well. In particular, \fBgtk_init()\fP knows
\fB\-\-class\fP and \fB\-\-name\fP:
.TP
\fB\-\-class\fP \fIname\fP
Client class as used by the window manager.
.TP
\fB\-\-name\fP \fIname\fP
Client instance name as used by the window manager.
.P
This gives you a great deal of control over \fBshowpdf\fP and allows you
to use your window manager to organize \fBshowpdf\fP windows.
.SH "COMMANDS ON STDIN"
\fBshowpdf\fP has no widgets for user interaction. The only way to
control it is to write commands on \fBstdin\fP, one command per line
(that is, don't forget to write a terminating newline).
.TP
\fBgo_page\fP \fIPAGENUMBER\fP
Issues \fBshowpdf\fP to navigate to another page. The first page in the
document is \fB1\fP.
.SH BUGS
Currently, no bugs are known. If you find one, we invite you to report
it at the GitHub Issue tracker (http://github.com/vain/slinp/issues).
.SH LICENSE
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest is released as \(lqPIZZA-WARE\(rq. See the
accompanying \fILICENSE\fP file.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBslinp\fP tool chest and this man page were written by Peter
Hofmann.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR slinp (1).
