.TH PRESCONTROL 1 "August 2012" "ppres" "PDF presentation tool chest"
.SH NAME
prescontrol \- Do a presentation using the ppres tool chest
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBprescontrol\fP \fIPDFFILE\fP [\fIMINOFF\fP \fIMAXOFF\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBprescontrol\fP is the \(lqmain\(rq component of \fBppres\fP(1) which
glues all the tools together. It is, however, just an example of what
you could do with \fBppres\fP. Feel free to ditch \fBprescontrol\fP (or
any of the other tools) and implement them any way you like.
.P
\fBprescontrol\fP is a terminal application and thus requires a terminal
attached to it. It will then present you a very minimalistic
\fBncurses\fP(3) TUI showing the current slide number and any notes for
this slide. Use the key bindings as described below. When you quit
\fBprescontrol\fP, all the other tools will be quit as well.
.SH OPTIONS
The term \(lqoffset\(rq means an offset relative to the current slide.
So \(lqoffset -1\(rq means the previous slide and \(lqoffset 2\(rq means
the slide after the next slide.
.P
By default, \fIMINOFF\fP is \fB-1\fP and \fIMAXOFF\fP is \fB1\fP. This
means that during the presentation you will see three windows: The
previous slide, the current slide and the next slide. See \fBLAUNCHED
TOOLS\fP below on how this is done.
.P
Another example: If you set \fIMINOFF\fP to \fB0\fP and \fIMAXOFF\fP to
\fB2\fP, then you'll see the current slide and the next two slides.
.SH "LAUNCHED TOOLS"
Let's start with a sketch of the setup:
.P
\f(CW
.nf
+---------------+ +--------------+ +--------------+   +-------------+
|    showpdf    | |   showpdf    | |   showpdf    |   |   showpdf   |
| (prev. slide) | | (cur. slide) | | (next slide) |   | (projector) |
+---------------+ +--------------+ +--------------+   +-------------+
        ^                ^                ^                  ^
        |                |                |                  |
        |                +---+            |                  |
        |                    |            |                  |
        +------------------+ | +----------+                  |
                           | | |                             |
                           | | | +---------------------------+
                           | | | |
 +------------+        +-------------+        +-----------------+
 | slidenotes | <----> | prescontrol | -----> |    stopclock    |
 +------------+        +-------------+        | (timer + clock) |
                          ^  |  ^             +-----------------+
 +---------+              |  |  |
 | pdfinfo | <------------+  |  |
 +---------+                 |  |
                             v  |
                           ========
                             USER
                           ========
.fi
\fP
.P
\fBpdfinfo\fP(1) from the poppler package is called to retrieve the
number of pages in your document. This will only be done once when
\fBprescontrol\fP starts.
.P
Most importantly, \fBprescontrol\fP will launch several instances of
\fBshowpdf\fP:
.IP \(bu 4
Some preview windows, by default showing the previous slide, the current
slide and the next slide.
.IP \(bu 4
One window that shows the current slide. It is supposed to be moved to
the projector.
.P
\fBprescontrol\fP gives your window manager some hints on those windows.
All \fBshowpdf\fP windows will have a class name of \fBShowpdf\fP. Their
instance names will be unique:
.IP \(bu 4
Preview windows' instance names are of the form \fIa_b_c\fP where
\fIa\fP is the minimum offset, \fIb\fP the maximum offset and \fIc\fP
the offset for this particular window. For example, if you tell
\fBprescontrol\fP to show the previous slide and the following two
slides, then the window showing the current slide will have an instance
name of \fB-1_2_0\fP.
.IP \(bu 4
The projector window will have an instance name of \fBprojector\fP.
.P
You can use a tool like \fBxprop\fP(1) to examine these properties.
.P
\fBprescontrol\fP will run \fBslidenotes\fP and ask it if there are any
notes for the current slide.
.P
Furthermore, \fBstopclock\fP will be launched and attached to
\fBprescontrol\fP. Use the key bindings below to control the stopwatch.
.P
As you may have noticed, you will be lost if you're not using an
intelligent window manager. The source tree of \fBppres\fP contains a
directory called \fIlayout_example\fP: Have a look at the \fIREADME\fP
in there if you're using a primitive WM. If you're using the Awesome WM,
though, you can use my package \fBawesome-vain\fP
(https://github.com/vain/awesome-vain). It contains a special layout
that allows you to comfortably use \fBprescontrol\fP.
.SH "KEY BINDINGS"
.TP
\fBj\fP or Space Bar
Go to the next slide.
.TP
\fBk\fP
Go to the previous slide.
.TP
\fBb\fP
Blank the projector window. Press again to unblank it.
.TP
\fBa\fP
Start or resume the timer.
.TP
\fBs\fP
Pause the timer.
.TP
\fBd\fP
Stop and reset the timer.
.TP
\fBq\fP
Quit \fBprescontrol\fP.
.SH BUGS
Currently, no bugs are known. If you find one, we invite you to report
it at the GitHub Issue tracker (http://github.com/vain/ppres/issues).
.SH LICENSE
The \fBppres\fP tool chest is released as \(lqPIZZA-WARE\(rq. See the
accompanying \fILICENSE\fP file.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBppres\fP tool chest and this man page were written by Peter
Hofmann.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ppres (1).
